docs: add float & integer documentation on parameter & return value (#9408)
dagger/dagger: docs/current_docs/api/return-values.mdx

Linux buildkitsandbox 6.1.0-22-cloud-amd64 #1 SMP PREEMPT_DYNAMIC Debian 6.1.94-1 (2024-06-21) x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 GNU/Linux
```

## Integer return values

Here is an example of a Dagger Function that returns the sum of two integers:

<Tabs groupId="language">
<TabItem value="Go">
```go file=./snippets/functions/return-values-integer/go/main.go
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Python">
```python file=./snippets/functions/return-values-integer/python/main.py
```
</TabItem>

<TabItem value="TypeScript">
```typescript file=./snippets/functions/return-values-integer/typescript/index.ts
```
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Here is an example call for this Dagger Function:

```shell
dagger call add-integer --a 1 --b 2
```

The result will look like this:

```shell
3
```

> ## Float return values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Floating-point number return values
```

:::warning

> Floats are currently only supported in Go and TypeScript SDKs for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information in this section is only applicable to the Go and TypeScript SDKs. Floating-point number arguments are not currently supported in the Go SDKs.
```

Author: Removed because now we have a Python snippet

:::

> Here is an example of a Dagger Function that returns the sum of two floats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a Dagger Function that returns the sum of two floating-point numbers:
```

<Tabs groupId="language">
<TabItem value="Go">
```go file=./snippets/functions/return-values-float/go/main.go
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="TypeScript">

:::note
There's no `float` type keyword in TypeScript because the type keyword `number` already supports floating point numbers.

> To declare a `float` return type on the function signature, you need to import `float` from `@dagger.io/dagger` and use it as return type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a `float` return type on the function signature, import `float` from `@dagger.io/dagger` and use it as return type.
```
